{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red31\green41\blue55;\red14\green94\blue168;\red92\green107\blue119;}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl720\margr720\margt720\margb720\pard\qc\sa80\f0\fs32 \b Active Adult Performance and Greystar Counter Brief\b0\par
\pard\qc\sa180\f0\fs18 Prepared March 13, 2026 using the internal snapshot export dated 2026-03-13T01:18:47.321Z.\par
\pard\ql\sa180\f0\fs22 Bottom line: the updated snapshot shows three communities in different lease-up stages, not a clean case that the current operator lacks 55+ capability. One of the three assets is still in phased delivery, and Greystar does not appear to have meaningful active-adult operating depth in Jacksonville or Ponte Vedra.\par
\pard\ql\sa120\f0\fs26 \b Executive Takeaways\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Updated Viera data shows 53.0% occupied and 57.2% leased, only 7 occupied units and 5 leased units off March targets.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Nocatee and Glen Kernan Park should not be judged against stabilized 55+ comps. Nocatee remains an early lease-up and Glen Kernan Park remains a phased-delivery asset.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - NIC reported 91.9% active-adult occupancy in 4Q25 across the sector, while stabilized active-adult communities open at least two years averaged about 95% occupied.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Industry sources note that upscale active-adult communities often lease more slowly because many prospects need to sell a home first, so raw traffic volume is a weak standalone scorecard.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - I could not verify any Greystar-managed active-adult rental community in Jacksonville or Ponte Vedra. The only current Greystar-managed public comp I confirmed in the broader scope is Parasol Melbourne.\par
\pard\ql\sa100\f0\fs26 \b Internal Operating Snapshot\b0\par
\trowd\trgaph70\trleft0\cellx1600\cellx2500\cellx3600\cellx4700\cellx6400\cellx8900\cellx10700\intbl\fs18 \b Community\b0\cell\intbl\fs18 \b Units\b0\cell\intbl\fs18 \b Occ %\b0\cell\intbl\fs18 \b Leased %\b0\cell\intbl\fs18 \b Gap to Goal\b0\cell\intbl\fs18 \b March Funnel\b0\cell\intbl\fs18 \b Operating Read\b0\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph70\trleft0\cellx1600\cellx2500\cellx3600\cellx4700\cellx6400\cellx8900\cellx10700\intbl\fs18 Viera\cell\intbl\fs18 166\cell\intbl\fs18 53.0% (88)\cell\intbl\fs18 57.2% (95)\cell\intbl\fs18 -4.1 occ / -2.8 leased\cell\intbl\fs18 23 GC / 9 tours / 4 apps / 0 leases\cell\intbl\fs18 7 occ and 5 leased units to goal\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph70\trleft0\cellx1600\cellx2500\cellx3600\cellx4700\cellx6400\cellx8900\cellx10700\intbl\fs18 Nocatee\cell\intbl\fs18 178\cell\intbl\fs18 58.4% (104)\cell\intbl\fs18 64.6% (115)\cell\intbl\fs18 -8.6 occ / -5.4 leased\cell\intbl\fs18 21 GC / 9 tours / 1 apps / 1 leases\cell\intbl\fs18 16 occ and 10 leased units to goal\cell\row
\trowd\trgaph70\trleft0\cellx1600\cellx2500\cellx3600\cellx4700\cellx6400\cellx8900\cellx10700\intbl\fs18 Glen Kernan Park\cell\intbl\fs18 308\cell\intbl\fs18 9.7% (30)\cell\intbl\fs18 14.0% (43)\cell\intbl\fs18 -5.2 occ / -5.0 leased\cell\intbl\fs18 27 GC / 11 tours / 3 apps / 6 leases\cell\intbl\fs18 16 occ and 16 leased units to goal\cell\row
\pard\ql\sa60\f0\fs8 \par
\pard\ql\sa100\f0\fs26 \b Property Detail\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs24 \b Viera\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Updated March snapshot shows Viera slightly behind March budget but still within a manageable unit gap for a new active-adult lease-up.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Mar snapshot: 88 occupied (53.0%) and 95 leased (57.2%) on 166 units.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Gap to current budget: 7 occupied units and 5 leased units to target.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Current funnel: 23 guest cards, 9 tours, 4 applications, and 0 signed leases.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Conversion view: lead-to-tour 39.1%, tour-to-app 44.4%, lead-to-lease 0.0%, app-to-lease 0.0%.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Absorption: +0 in Mar; Q1 net absorption +1.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs24 \b Nocatee\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Nocatee is further off its current budget curve, but it remains in early active-adult lease-up rather than a mature stabilized position.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Mar snapshot: 104 occupied (58.4%) and 115 leased (64.6%) on 178 units.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Gap to current budget: 16 occupied units and 10 leased units to target.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Current funnel: 21 guest cards, 9 tours, 1 applications, and 1 signed leases.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Conversion view: lead-to-tour 42.9%, tour-to-app 11.1%, lead-to-lease 4.8%, app-to-lease 100.0%.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Absorption: +1 in Mar; Q1 net absorption -1.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs24 \b Glen Kernan Park\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Glen Kernan Park is still a phased-delivery community, so its performance should be framed as an in-delivery lease-up, not a stabilized comp.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Mar snapshot: 30 occupied (9.7%) and 43 leased (14.0%) on 308 units.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Gap to current budget: 16 occupied units and 16 leased units to target.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Current funnel: 27 guest cards, 11 tours, 3 applications, and 6 signed leases.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Conversion view: lead-to-tour 40.7%, tour-to-app 27.3%, lead-to-lease 22.2%, app-to-lease 200.0%.\par
\pard\ql\sa55\f0\fs22 - Absorption: +5 in Mar; Q1 net absorption +12.\par
\pard\ql\sa100\f0\fs26 \b Why the Benchmark Needs to Be Corrected\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - RISE Viera and RISE at Nocatee were 2024 deliveries and held their grand openings in January 2025.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - RISE at Glen Kernan Park was announced as a phased community with first units delivering in summer 2025 and the balance in summer 2026.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - NIC's 4Q25 active-adult occupancy reading was 91.9% across the category, not the 95% stabilized benchmark ownership may be using.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - NIC separately notes stabilized active-adult communities open at least two years have averaged about 95% occupancy.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - NIC's industry discussion featuring Carlyle and Overture notes higher-end active-adult communities often lease more slowly because prospects may first need to sell a single-family home.\par
\pard\ql\sa100\f0\fs26 \b Greystar Counterpoints\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Greystar's official active-adult platform highlights brands such as Overture, Everleigh, and Album, but I did not verify a Greystar-managed active-adult rental community in Jacksonville or Ponte Vedra.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Parasol Melbourne is the only clear Greystar-managed comp I found in the broader Viera/Melbourne scope.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Public listings for Parasol Melbourne currently show availability and concessions, including 14 to 15 available units and up to six weeks free, which suggests a low-90s occupied or committed position rather than a clearly stronger local outcome.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - RISE publicly markets a dedicated 55+ active-living platform and already operates communities in the exact Florida geographies under discussion.\par
\pard\ql\sa100\f0\fs26 \b Recommended Talking Points\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - We should evaluate these assets against active-adult lease-up benchmarks, not fully stabilized two-year-plus communities.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Viera's current March gap is measurable and manageable: 7 occupied units and 5 leased units to plan.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Glen Kernan Park is still in phased delivery, so comparing it to fully delivered 55+ communities misstates performance.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Higher-end active-adult product naturally produces slower lead velocity than conventional multifamily because prospects often coordinate a home sale before moving.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - Greystar does not appear to have stronger local submarket proof in Jacksonville or Ponte Vedra, and its nearest confirmed comp in Melbourne still appears to be using concessions.\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - RISE already has in-market 55+ operating experience across these locations, which is more relevant than national brand recognition alone.\par
\pard\ql\sa100\f0\fs26 \b Source Links\b0\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://risere.com/active-adult/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 RISE active-adult platform}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://risere.com/portfolio/viera/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 RISE Viera community page}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://risere.com/portfolio/rise-nocatee/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 RISE at Nocatee community page}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://risere.com/portfolio/rise-glen-kernan-park/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 RISE at Glen Kernan Park community page}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://risere.com/grand-openings-for-two-55-communities/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 RISE January 2025 grand opening announcement}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://risere.com/groundbreaking-for-rise-at-glen-kernan-park-ushers-in-new-standard-for-active-adult-housing-in-jacksonville/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 Glen Kernan Park phased delivery announcement}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.nic.org/blog/active-adult/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 NIC 4Q25 active-adult benchmark}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.nic.org/blog/active-adult-rental-communities-data-dive/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 NIC stabilized active-adult benchmark}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.nic.org/insider/december-2021/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 NIC discussion of upscale active-adult lease-up pace}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.greystar.com/product-specialties/active-adult\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 Greystar active-adult platform}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.greystar.com/properties/melbourne-fl/parasol-melbourne\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 Greystar Parasol Melbourne}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.after55.com/fl/melbourne/parasol-melbourne/l77kthf\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 After55 listing for Parasol Melbourne}}}\par
\pard\ql\sa70\f0\fs22 - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK \"https://www.apartments.com/parasol-melbourne-melbourne-fl/677kxht/\"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 Apartments.com listing for Parasol Melbourne}}}\par
}